The boxes are unpacked, you have set up in your bedroom and everyone is heading down for dinner. You go downstairs and find Lily at the table and Mom busying herself in the kitchen. Your young sister shoots you a big smile and you can't help but smile back. Lily is frank and enthusiastic, just as you remember.
   
   Mom, Lily and you are already at the table when Alice finally shows up. "Hey! Hi, Allie!" Mom says as your big sister bends over to kiss her on the cheek. "How was that job thing?"
   
   Alice huffs before answering. "The interview was okay, Mom."
   
   "Tell us more, please!" Mom says, good-naturedly.
   
   "Yes! Don't tease us, Allie!" Lily complains with a smile.
   
   "There is not much to say, Brat!" Allie shoots at your young sister, clearly exasperated. She sighs and continues, though. "I talked with the woman in charge there. I got the job as a sales girl. It's an on-demand job. They don't have enough demand for me to go there every day. And they may call me on weekends too..."
   
   Allie serves herself some food before telling some more.
   
   "It's... it's a sales position. I didn't really think I would need to get a sales job, Mom," she tells Mom without looking at her. "I got that degree, remember?"
   
   "Yes, honey. I know. You want to teach. Teach sports. But there are no positions on the boards."
   
   "I could give private lessons, Mom. Tennis, maybe."
   
   "Who in their right mind would want to take P.E. when it is not enforced by school?" You finally chime in with a reasonable question.
   
   "Shut up, wanker!" Allie spits her anger in your direction.
   
   "Hey! I'm just saying..."
   
   "Allie! Jake! We will finish this meal in silence if you can't keep it civil!"
   
   "But, Mom!" Allie and you say at the same time.
   
   Mom is not willing to negotiate, though. The dinner is spent mostly in silence, with Lily sometimes sighing loudly at the inconvenience.
   
   --
   
   After dinner, you go around exploring the house. You had a chance to do it a couple of days earlier, but that was before everyone was settled in.