* Fucking Kelly in the ass
   - Requirements:
   * Kelly anal sex experience >= 5.
   * Kelly pride butt >= 0.
   * Kelly relationship with Daniel: liberated >= 130.
   * Kelly relationship with Daniel: empathy + love >= 10.
   * Kelly preferences: Sexual, anal >= enjoys.
   * Kelly likes anal + likes sex + 
   - Story requirements:
   * AFTER: Kelly's first anal with Dan.
   * AFTER: Kelly's first sex with Dan.
   * AFTER: Kelly is okay with sex with Dan.
   * 

   You step into Kelly's room and she puts down her phone to look up at you.
   
   "Hi, there, babe!" She offers you a mischievous grin. "I know that look in your eye. You want to fuck me in my little asshole again, don't you?"
   
   Kelly turns around on the bed and lifts her skirt, revealing her nice, round butt, bare of any underwear, a jewel shining in the middle of her crack.
   
   "I was actually getting it ready for you," she says, looking over her shoulder.
   
   You approach the bed and get a nice handful of your girl's butt. Firm and juicy!
   
   "Slap it!" She asks, as she juts it out for more attention.
   
   >SMACK!<
   
   "Oh, yes, babe!"
   
   Take a firm hold of the bejeweled buttplug, you brace against Kelly's ass and slowly pull the toy out of the petite brunette's anus. Her breath catches and she gets tense before relaxing again and letting you dislodge the invader to get free access to the girl's tightest cavity.
   
   "Hahn! Haaaahn..." She moans as you make it stretch her little ring and, then, sighs as it gets out.
   
   Kelly makes a hungry face, needing more attention and you offer the plug for her to suck on. She doesn't complain, just takes it in her mouth and gently sucks, as she looks up at you, her eyes silently pleading for more.
   
   You pick up a tube of lube from her bedside table and pour some on your cock before placing yourself at the entrance of Kelly's tight little butthole.
   
   Already experienced with, Kelly arches her back and points her ass straight up to make it easy for you to get in. Even though she knows how to properly relax, she still lets out a long, strained moan as you feel yourself pushing into her bowels. She feels warm and tight and slippery with the lube. Her flesh quivers under your hands, soft and just as warm. The feeling around your cock is delicious. Kelly has an amazing and very well trained asshole.
   
   "Oh, babe! Hugnh! You are so big!" She cries out, appreciatively.
   
   Once you get halfway in it gets easier. She relaxes further and you can give it a first thrust. She gasps and, then, lets out air in a hiss as she concentrates in keeping herself accessible.
   
   "Fuck, Kelly! You feel amazing!"
   
   "Th- Thanks, lover!" She pants, strained.
   
   You start pumping in and out, letting her get used to you. Her breathing accelerates as her entire body is rocked by your thrusts. She slides a hand under herself and starts teasing her clit, but you pull her wrist gently, but firmly, and get it behind her. She can climax just from anal stimulus and that is how you want her to cum, right now.
   
   She looks over her shoulder to pout a little bit and you just increase your pace, giving it to the brat.
   
   "Show me what an anal slut your are, Kelly!" You command and you can see how that makes her shiver in pleasure.
   
   She loves a little dirty talk like that and it actually spurs her to apply herself further. She closes her eyes and braces against the bed to start pushing her ass back against you, really getting into the anal fuck.
   
   "I know its hard, babe, but you can do it!" She nods, eyes still closed, and moves faster.
   
   The feeling is just amazing. The visuals are great too. Kelly's tight little body rocking under you, on the bed, her buttocks flattening themselves against your stomach, her delicate skin shining under a sheen of sweat.
   
   She looks so tantalizing! You have to push her further. Bending over her, you get a deep whiff of her womanly scent and, then, grip her by the nape of the neck, steadying yourself, before giving her a deep thrust, plunging yourself to the hilt into the petite brunette's sweet little asshole.
   
   "Oh, fuck!" She lets out, her voice hoarse, after she recovers her breath.
   
   Being so thoroughly deep into her feels really great. You take a couple of seconds to control your own breathing and not blow your load too soon.
   
   Then, you realize its too much. She looks too hot. She feels too good. You have to blow!
   
   Steadying her, you start pumping at a faster pace, pushing yourself deep every third stroke. She loves it! She breathes faster and babbles continually "oh-fuck!-oh-fuck!-oh-fuck!"
   
   Overcome with sensations, you thrust as deep as you can a last time, letting her feel the full length of you in her rectum and, there, pushed in, you ejaculate. Groaning, you feel yourself spew jet after jet of hot cum deep into her bowels. That is enough to make her climax too. Her anus grips the base of your cock as a vise when her whole body tightens for a few seconds, her skin blushing. Then, she lets out a long, deep sigh and relaxes under you.
   
   "Oooooh! It felt so good!"
   
   "Yeah, your ass is just great, Kelly!" You praise her, still recovering from your powerful climax.
   
   "Thank you, Dan!"
   
   You slap her ass and get up. She giggles while you dress up and the two of you kiss before you get out of the door.
   
   
*
   
   "No foreplay, huh? No vaginal? Just straight into my ass, is it?" She takes the plug out of her mouth for a second to state the obvious. A stern look from you makes her put the toy back in her mouth shuts her up while you tease her little rosebud with the tip of your cock. "Oh, babe!" She mumbles, around the plug.
   
   Kelly moans as you start to push your manhood inside her warm hole.
   
   "Oh, babe... It's so big!"
   
   You can see her focusing on relaxing to let you slide in. She is tight and nice, slippery from the lube and quivering in anticipation.
   
   "I- I may need another smack..." She pleads, eyes closed, trying to accept you.
   
   >SMACK!< You slap her ass and she nods her head, eyes still closed in concentration.
   
   "Another, please!"
   
   >SMACK!<
   
   That is as much time you are willing to give her before resuming your invasion.
   
   "Angh!" She moans as you push further, getting halfway in. "You are stretching me!"