School Interactions


Clark Anderson entered his office and sat down. It could be another frustrating day at school, but he was decided it wouldn't be.

Catherina Chatnam was usually a terror for him. Not only a strict teacher, but also the principal at the Harmon Kemp Finishing School, she had been busting his balls about the lack of discipline of his students. There just wasn't much he could do about that. Some of the students were attentive enough, but a few bad apples could easily ruin his classes and Cathy seemed to show up always at the worst possible time.

When Clark went by Jefferson Covington's classroom, like that morning, he always felt envy. Jeff had the exact same students than Clark had, but he somehow managed to charm them into behaving in front of Cathy. He charmed his students just like he did almost everyone else. Clark was one of the few people who saw through Jeff's bullshit.

And, then, there was Manfred Galante. There was no bullshit with Manny. He was the school coach and he didn't try to pretend he was nice. He was a piece of work. Big and strong and intimidating.

Clark didn't want to think about the teachers that morning. No, he wanted to think about the students. He finally had a chance to change how he dealt with the students and would be damned if he didn't make the most out of it.

In truth he was still unsure about the device. It seemed too good to be true. But it was xenotech and that stuff was supposed to be able to do anything! The box was sitting there at the side of his desk. As big as a suitcase, not heavy, but unwieldy. He just wanted to believe that it would work. He needed to believe! That was what he needed to finally get his chance.

***

The knock at his door was unexpected. Carl didn't want to be disturbed. It was counseling time, though, and the last thing he needed was for a student seeking counsel to run to the principal and tell her he wasn't at his office during counseling hours.

With a heavy sigh, he spoke up: "Come in!"

Gina stepped into his office, her satisfied little grin upsetting him before she spoke a word.

Gina Keener was a troublemaker. Her petite figure and girly features could fool an unwary observer, but anyone with an ounce of common sense would expect trouble from a girl with her swagger and that impish smirk she sported so often.

"What is it, Gi- Ms Keener?"

"Principal Bitch said that I had to come see you or go into detention... again." She sounded annoyed as she plunked down on the chair across the desk from Clark.

The school counselor took a deep breath to search for the patience to deal with the most troubled youth at Harmon Kemp Finishing School.

"You'd better start showing some respect or you can go to detention right now, Ms Keener."

"Whatever," Gina stated, non-chalantly as she hooked a leg over one of the sides of the chair.

/What the hell,/ Clark thought, as he pressed the white button on the top of the xenotech display. There was a whirring sound and some symbols started flashing on the screen.

"So, tell me, Ms Keener, what prompted Mrs Chatnam to send you here?"

"I don't know. She hates me- no! Actually, she's afraid of me! So she made up some bullshit excuse and sent me here."

"Come on, Ms Keener, you can do better than that," Clark tried to cajole her. He didn't really know how to deal with the brat. He just wanted to slap some sense into her, most of the time, but that wasn't really an option for a school counselor.

"Hey, what's that fucking sound?" She asked, looking around, trying to identify the source.

The box had increased in loudness and in pitch. The display stopped flashing and there were alien symbols appearing on top of three of the bottom buttons. Clark had been instructed to just always press the leftmost top button and, then, the leftmost bottom button. He was told that it ensured obedience with repeated exposures. He was sure, though, that the other buttons should work better than "respect after several exposures". He wasn't willing to test that theory right then, though. So, just to get somewhere with Gina - anywhere, really - he pressed the buttons as instructed.

There was an immediate change in Gina's behavior. She sat up straight and started looking around, as if listening attentively to some sound. 

