You spy on Alice in the shower.
You spy on Lisa in the shower.
You spy on Ann in the shower.
You spy on 


You are a pervert. As a pervert, the only way to control you, to live around you, is to have you wear a chastity belt.

You peeped at Ann, Alice and Lisa in the shower.
You spied on Ann having sex with her boyfriend and jerked off to it.
You spied on Alice masturbating and jerked off to it.
You got punished by Ann and got an erection during the punishment.
You got an erection during dinner.
You got an erection in the morning.
You were caught masturbating in your bedroom.
You were caught masturbating in the shower.
You were caught masturbating at school.
You were caught in Alice's bedroom in the middle of the night.
You were caught in Lisa's bedroom in the middle of the night.
You were caught in Ann's bedroom in the middle of the night.
You were caught riffling through Ann's stuff.
You were caught riffling through Alice's stuff.
You were caught riffling through Lisa's stuff.
You were caught in possession of one of Ann's panties (actually, it was for the bully).
You were caught in possession of one of Alice's panties (actually, it was for the bully).
You were caught in possession of one of Lisa's panties (actually, it was for the bully).
You were caught spying on the girls in the shower at school.
You were caught stealing panties from the girls in the shower at school.
You were caught ogling at the girls in the gym at school.
You were caught naked in the girls' shower.
You were caught naked in the pool.
You were caught masturbating at work.
You were caught spying on the women's bathroom at work.
You were caught spying on your boss at work.s
You were caught spying on your boss masturbating at work.



Lisa takes a shower with the door open.
Ann does some yoga.
Alice masturbates in bed.
Ann watches a thrilling movie.
Lisa watches porn by accident.
Alice comes back home drunk from the nightclub.

Ann takes a shower.
Alice takes a shower.
Lisa takes a shower.
Ann goes shop for clothes.
Alice goes shop for clothes.
Lisa goes shop for clothes.
Ann goes to sleep.
Alice goes to sleep.
Lisa goes to sleep.
Ann has sex with her boyfriend.
Alice has sex with her girlfriend.
Lisa goes swimming naked with her friend.
