-- Introduction --

You found the Book and kept it. You studied it and could barely believe what you read. It seemed so unlikely, and yet, so thrilling if it just could be true.

The instructions were detailed and consistent, the author's approach so scientific. You just had to try it out.

Your first target, then, was $neighbor.name. Since you moved into $town.name, you had observed her, coming into and going from the house next door. Cute, sexy. If it worked, it would be amazing to have her under your power.

-- First Use: Confirm It's True --

You waited for when she was coming home and instead on knocking on her door, you observed her through the window, from inside your house. If things went wrong, there would be no consequences - at least, that is what you hoped.

You pictured the Symbol in your mind, the Symbol for connection, and looked at her through the window to have the perfect mental picture of her. Then you sent the Symbol and... it worked! It WORKED! You felt a connection. At least, you thought you felt it. It couldn't be just your imagination. It just couldn't!

Around $neighbor.name you saw a constellation of symbols, most of them barely discernible. You feel certain many of them were in the Book, but... were they all there?

Elated, you get the idea you must try something more. You must have certain truth the system described in the Book works. But how? Something sexy. Something kinky - most of the stuff in the Book is about sex, anyway. She is alone in her house, she doesn't look like she has noticed you spying on her. You pick up the old tome and quickly leaf through it. There! Lust, desire, sexual stimulus. There is a Symbol just about that. You find it in the cloud around your neighbor's head and... PUSH!

You feel the connection. It is almost tangible. There is just no way it is a figment of your imagination. And pushing on the Symbol is hard. It drains you, but once you feel the connection, you can't stop yourself from trying harder and harder. Your head start pounding and you see something on $neighbor.name's face that make you get excited. That is certainly a look of lust on her face. She has a faraway gaze and she is biting her lip. You see her flush and keep pushing. The migraine worsens, but you can see her bringing a hand up to her breast. She is clearly excited and you feel like you can keep pushing. You double down, but the pain becomes so intense you feel like throwing up. That's when you see her rush into her bedroom, but the connection is still there. Moved by a perverse feeling of challenge and power, you try to push some more, to see how far you can go. You get the sensation that she is about to reach her limit and, then, the pain becomes so intense, that you black out.

**

You come about on the floor. You head is killing you, you have drool on the corner of your mouth and you find that you were digging your nails so hard into your hands, that you left bleeding marks there. Maybe... maybe you went a little too far. Did it even work? You hope so. But you will have to try again. You absolutely MUST try again. Under better conditions, though. In a more controlled environment.

**

-- Second Use: In Person Use --

It's the evening and you go to your neighbor's - $neighbor.name's door. You feel your heart beating loudly in your chest. This is your chance to use the power in the Book. To make sure it is all true. To- to take advantage of it.

There are so many Symbols and you haven't understood most of them. The text kept coming around to the topic of the difference between Feelings and Personality, between Mood and Profile. But you couldn't be bothered about that. You focused on the sex stuff... and on control. There was a Symbol, a complex Symbol, hard to memorize and the Book made it clear it was quite draining, but... it allowed you to give a subject's COMMANDS. You had to try that. You just... you couldn't risk getting thrown out by $neighbor.name. Or worse, that she would call the cops.

You rang the bell and a couple of minutes later - a LONG couple of minutes later, during which you considered running away several times, long enough to let you sweat halfway through your clothes - $neighbor.name opened the door.

She looked at you with no hint of recotnition in her eyes, but she quickly had a smile on. A genuine smile from someone who seemed like a genuinely nice person.

@@.neighbor;"Hello..."@@ She said, seeming to wait for you to say something.

You could jsut try striking up a conversation. She looks friendly and open. But you can't give up on the opportunity. You look at $neighbor.name and picture the connection Symbol. It works, it just works - there is a little twitch in her eye at the same time. Then, you try to remember the command symbol and you push it.

Her head whips back as if from an impact. She blinks rapidly and, then, her eyes get glassy. That must be it. She is ready for a command. She is open and obedient. It's the moment of truth. You can give her a command. Any command. But it must be something simple, that she can do in an instant. Nothing as convoluted as giving you a blowjob. 

@@.protagonist;"Sh- Show me your tits!"@@ You say, fearing it could fail - prepared to run.

To your surprise and the delight, she lifts her shirt and her bra at the same time. You get a nice flash of her breasts. They look lovely and soft. You feel tempted to touch them, but you realize she is already coming about. Feeling it would be better if she didn't realize what happened, you picture the symbol again and tell her to cover up.

@@.neighbor;"Sorry... I seem to have spaced out, there, for a moment. What was it, already?"@@

[...]

# He forces her to answer questions.
  ## "Are you a virgin?" - "No! I'm 23! I'm not a virgin!"
  ## "Have you ever done a blowjob?" - "Yes... a couple of times." - "Did you like it?" - "No. I didn't."