new
I arrived at Tempton, today. It is one of the last bastions of civilization in the area. It was a long and arduous trek, but I managed. The thought of seeing Elisa and Kelly again is what kept me going through the deprivations of the road and the dangers of unruly society.

Tempton sits between two enormous arcologies (officially known as X-2 and X-3). The town is not under the direct control of either arcology and from Elisa's messages, it seems that is what keeps it somewhat independent - or, at least, autonomous.

Security at the town wall (a town wall, like a medieval city - it seems we are reduced to that, now) was good and well equipped, just beyond the wall, though, it is the rule of might. I saw a family dragged off the road by raiders a scant hour on foot from Tempton's gate. I was well received when I finally reached the town, though. They offered me water and a little food before asking any questions. After that, though, I was subjected to a very lengthy interview as they tried to ascertain what skills I had to offer the community. Being a shoe store manager isn't a skill much sought after, though. I was glad that I could claim family ties inside the walls, or I fear they could have thrown me out. As it was, Elisa had inquired after a job for me before I came into town and I was told I had a place assured inside.

Beyond the wall, the town as... pitoresque. It used to be part of the suburbs of some big city - I just can't remember which one. There are plenty of houses and plenty of space. Several of the houses are empty, though. There is what looks like a vibrant local commerce. They still have public electricity - I was shocked by how much I missed that. There are signs of the new times, though. No cars, everyone seems to be on bicycles, and no children on the streets - I didn't know what was up with that until I talked to Elisa. It seems the small ones have mandatory classes inside the arcologies and Tempton parents only see their kids on weekends.

I was directed to a nice house at the end of Mapper Street. I rang the bell and, a minute later, there she was. Elisa! Beautiful Elisa! She looked so beautiful, her fresh face, devoid of the worries of the road, beautiful golden hair well kept - differently of what I saw in the world beyond Tempton's walls -, manicured hands, clean clothes. She smelled so nice, clean and fresh. I felt a surge of love and relief when I saw her. She was glad to see me too, she smiled and kissed me - but... something was troubling her. I could see conflicting emotions on her features before she finally embrassed me.

My young wife as safe and I had rejoined her. Elisa has been in Tempton for almost an year. I sent her away from our home town when I saw the writing was on the wall. She and Kelly. We talked a lot, at first, then communications started to break down. It was soon text only and, then, text only worked some of the time. I hadn't had a message from Elisa for two months before arriving in Tempton. I was so glad to see that she was well, she had a house and, from the last messages, a job. She had kept Kelly safe and was managing pretty well, given the circumstances.

She took me inside and we talked and laughed and kissed and talked. There was so much to talk about. So many news. She wanted to hear about the outside world, although there were no good news on that front. The world was going down the drain and there was no helping it. I wanted to hear about Tempton, about her, I wanted to hear good news. She told me everything wasn't so easy, but I barely could acknowledge that. She still had civilization - electricity, the rule of law, security, people working and helping each other. They even had the Internet in Tempton, although, Elisa repeated several times, it was not like the old Internet.

We were still talking when Kelly arrived. My girl, my daughter. Technically, she was my brother Clark's daughter, but I had been raising her since she was ten and I saw her as my flesh and blood. When she saw me, though, it wasn't a smile that graced her features, but a frown. She had grown so much in the intervening year we had been apart! Taller, more womanly, more beautiful, but, also, harder, marked by the hardships of our new reality. She looked at me with reproach. I was ready to have my heart broken, but, then, she said "Dad". It was short, cold, hard. But she still acknowledged me as her father. I was over the moon with that.

Elisa told Kelly to give me a hug and, reluctantly, she did. Once I had my arms around her, though, I felt her relax and sigh. A few seconds later - too fast, too soon - she stiffened again and pulled away. She told Elisa she was going to her room and left.

**

I regret not having had sex with Elisa last night. I was bone tired and... well, there was some awkwardness between us. Too long apart. Still, I slept in the same bed as my beloved, young, beautiful wife. We woke up with our hands intertwined and facing each other. It was delightful. Touching. I felt a swell of love for her the moment I woke up. And I swell in my pants as well. I put a hand on Elisa's waist and pulled her into a kiss. She gladly joined lips and I didn't impose her a open mouth kiss tainted with my morning breath, but it was still electrifying. I scooted over and put my leg over hers. I felt her tremble with what was certainly desire. Alas, she pulled away and told me, regretfully, that she couldn't stay with me that morning. She didn't know I would be arriving yesterday and her job was too demanding to allow her to take a day off. We kissed again and she rushed into the bathroom for a morning shower.

I got to spy my wife in the shower, though. She didn't seem to mind. Her round breasts, small waist and long legs, her smooth, creamy skin under the caress of the water, her blonde hair shining under the water and sparkling in the morning light. It was, quite literally, an amazing show.

The three of us, Kelly, Elisa and I, had a quick breakfast together. It was a dream come true for me, after so long in the depressing gray world beyond the Tempton. It was over too soon, though. Elisa left for her job and Kelly left to school. School! Who would have thought there would still be schools around after the ruin of civilization! Kelly never finished high school with the world in turmoil. But more than that, under the arcologies, kids were required to stay in school until they became twenty-one. I guess most teens disliked the idea, but it made a lot of sense to me.

I was left alone, at home. Elisa told me to reach out to Montor Surveillance, the company with which she had negotiated a job for me. I'm ashamed to admit I slept for most of the morning. It had been so long since I could sleep like that, without worrying I would be robbed or even murdered while unconscious. I had a simple lunch, then, and, finally, called the company. I reached, Paris, a sweet girl over the phone, who told me they had, indeed, an opening under my name. I would be joining the Montor company as a watchman. I would have to watch over some of the company's monitored sites. I would be able to do it from home, though. I would also have the chance of making some extra money working with their call-center to try to sell the system of prospective clients. I told her the sales position better suited my skills, but she told me I would only be able to do that on my off hours. I could start the next day. I talked about compensation and some other minor details and agreed with their terms. Tomorrow I will be the newest member of the Montor Surveillance family.

In the evening, Elisa arrived very tired and Kelly only came in a few minutes before her mom. I had planned on spending some quality time with my girl, but it didn't happen. The three of us had dinner together, which was nice. I asked Kelly about her day and seh only told me she had school. When I asked if it was full-time, Elisa interrupted and told me it was only in the morning. Elisa asked where Kelly had been in the afternoon and my girl admit - sheepishly - that she had been at the mall. Elisa was not happy with that and they had a fight. Kelly was sent to her room before dinner was over and grounded.

When Elisa and I got to the bedroom, she told me how very tired she was and how she was still mad at Kelly. She had told the girl to come straight home and stay with me. Furthermore, I discovered, the mall in question was in one of the arcologies and Elisa, it seems, strongly dislikes the arcologies. It was clear she was not in the mood for sex. I was very disappointed, but tried to hold back. We had been apart for an year and I could certainly wait another day.

**

I woke up early today, feeling energized and excited at starting my new life. I would have a job today, after so long. I would start earning my keep and reintegrating into society. Normal, lawful society.

I prepared the breakfast for Elisa and Kelly and then went to wake up my little girl with a kiss and the promise of a nice meal. It didn't exactly go as expected. Kelly was scarred at finding me in her bedroom. She got upset and threw me out. Then, Elisa told me food was limited in Tempton and I had used up the resources of three days on that breakfast. Neither of them had time to eat properly and although Elisa left me with a tired smile and a kiss, Kelly never showed any kind of appreciation for my efforts.

A representative was Montor was at my door at nine o' clock. They brought the welcome package, which involved installing a H-10 Montor Surveillance Package around the house - mandatory for all employees - a computer that I would use for work and a lengthy manual on company policies and on how to do my work - essentially stay focused while watching the boring video feeds from four different sites around town, eight hours a day.