I came live with her when I lost my job. (Jack "Joke" Connor)
I lost my job and became blacklisted.
I left home in bad terms and it would be extremely humiliating going back home.
I have serious debts to some serious people (criminals). I have to pay a vig and I can only get menial jobs.

It had been a bad breakup, but I needed a place to stay. I begged her to take me in.

She made it clear, from the start, that we would not be together again.

She had two new friends, one male and one female.

Her friends encourage her to be cruel and to TRAIN me.

I have a chance to seduce her (and to seduce others around her), to blackmail her, or to submit.

As I spent some time with her, I realized I still had feelings for her. I still loved her.



She is beautiful, she is smart, she has a job, she is the provider at home, I came crawling back to her.

She is somewhat insecure about her appearance, she is insecure if she will ever have true friends or die alone, she is afraid she may lose her job.



I can prove to be smart. Smarter than her.
I can prove to be strong.
I can prove to be a protector.
I can prove to be a good listener.
I can prove to be a good companion.
I can prove I can make some money.

Her same age female friend wants to take her as a girlfriend and wants her to start whoring.
Her older female friend wants her to be a dominatrix and a powerful female in the world. With a male slave, just like her.
Her male friend wants to fuck her and make her his whore as he pimps her.
Her male boss wants to make her his fuck toy.
Her sister wants her to be a BBC poster-child. Submissive to BBC, mean to white boys, partner to her.
Her male, nerdy, loving cousin just wants to be her loyal boyfriend.
Her downstairs male neighbor wants to be her sister's submissive boyfriend.
Dance club female bouncer wants to make her her bitch
Bad boy wants to make her wild and to try new things (drugs, black cock and anal).
Her young, nice female neighbor just wants to be friends (but can become submissive or a cuck sitter).



3 warnings in a week and I'm out of her life.
3 unhappy for myself in a week and I give up and go back home.
If she is unhappy 2 or more at the end of the week, she becomes meaner
3 pervings in total and there is a punishment
3 submissive in total and there is a shift in personality
3 dominant in total and there is a shift in personality
Not getting $200 per week means an action from the criminals (threats, pain, threatening her, fucking her - if she doesn't love you by this point, its game over)

Sabotaging white boys may make her start very curious about black cocks.
Sabotaging all men will make her very curious about pussy.
Sabotaging her work can make her miss romantic dates, but it may make her get fired.

She can be encouraged to think about pussy and find it alright.

