She is a cruel one and wished to be involved in your taming from the first moment.

You were given to her and the first thing you learned about sex was how to get fucked in the ass with a strapon.

You moaned and whined in pain and discomfort, in shame and feeling very sorry for yourself. You looked away, trying to think yourself away from what was happening, but it was impossible to ignore. It was a horrible invasion, a violence and a act of supreme power on her part.

She fucked you for as little as three minutes, but it felt like forever. It was enough to teach you, though. Enough to teach you who was in charge and how far she could take you if she so wanted.

The taming worked. Terribly, it worked. It made you love her. Even though she caused you pain and humiliation, you loved her. You wanted to keep her happy, to make her smile, to ensure her safety and satisfaction, even if it was at the cost of destroying yourself.

They made sure you understood. You would only climax like that. When she was invading you. When she was bending you to her will and reshaping you. But you would be horny, always horny. Always aching for release and very aware that you would only have release when she was reminding you of your new situation.

She liked it. Remaking you pleased her. Overpowering you made her excited. Feeling you whimper under her made her wet. You could taste it and smell it. You felt her sweat, her unique, feminine, excited sweat on your tongue and you had her scent, the scent of her parted nether lips, of her damp cave in your nostrils. You knew she was happy and you knew you should be happy for her. And you would be. They promised you an embarrassing, aching, sweet torture of happiness when your displeasure made her satisfied and excited.

As she fucked you, you felt yourself getting hard. The pressure building ever ass you felt the pain of the anal invasion being seared into your mind. She grabbed your balls under the two of you and tugged on them lightly, then, she jerked you off, once. Once was enough, the feeling of her delicate, soft hands on your shaft was enough to make you spurt. And it was a mind blowing orgasm. A climax of undreamed intensity. It was the Brand. The memory that would forever be in the back of your mind. The sensation of pleasure brought on by her will, by her choice to allow you pleasure. You would forever chase that feeling and never quite relive it. That's how they designed the program, the taming, the conditioning.






Taming consists, mainly, of making you accept your new condition in life. You were supposed to forget you ever were a man. You were not. You were a pet in waiting. You were an impostor, a creature pretending to be a person. You are aware of your condition, now. You were expected to realize you are inferior, a beast, an animal of a lesser mind and a lesser being. Of value only as long as you were performing your duties and being of service.

They gave you a new name. They reinforced your new condition by constantly using your new name. You were prevented from using words most of the time. You were constantly punished for failing to behave like the creature you were supposed to be.